## Repository Description
Git repository for the work which is aimed at assessing the attractiveness of loca-tions for opening a sports club in the city of St. Petersburg using data from the telecommunications company Tele2 and open sources. Dur-ing the research, the following tasks were set and completed: analy-sis of the activities of Tele2 with an emphasis on the TeleGeo plat-form; competitor analysis to solve geoanalytics problems; study of the sports industry and its trends. A review of the scientific literature identified factors influencing the attractiveness of a location: availa-bility of space for commercial use, availability of infrastructure, transport accessibility, population density and competitive environ-ment. A work methodology based on machine learning has been de-veloped. In addition to the data provided by Tele2, information was collected from open sources on the selected factors. The final dataset was processed for subsequent statistical analysis and development of the necessary variables for modelling. To increase the competitive-ness of the TeleGeo service, machine learning models were proposed and developed: clustering, association rules learning, regression model with SHapley Additive exPlanations. Using the example of premium segment sports clubs in St. Petersburg, the practical appli-cation of the models and the developed dashboard was described. Finally, an implementation plan was proposed, and a financial model was described for assessing the effects of the project in Tele2. The solution will optimize the TeleGeo platform and make it a more uni-versal service for assessing locations for various business projects.
